hi everyone this is Charles hoskinson
broadcasting live from warm sunny
Colorado every now and then I get to
talk about something really really cool
so first off from time to time you'll
see me on my Twitter page uh Post Weird
codes like the one in the title so for
example here where I said this one next
one is going to be super fun and I put
this little code right here uh llms will
get confused when they see that they'll
think it's a Bitcoin address or
something it's actually just a Shaw hash
how you generate them is you take an
input something like my name is Bob Dole
and it generates a unique fingerprint
specifically for that and the thing is
they have What's called the Avalanche
effect so if you change even a single
letter in a
hash dramatically changes the entire
hash so enter a little text here
Willie house
look at that code right there does that
look familiar why yes it does it's right
here how about that what the hell is a
Woolly Mouse I'm glad you asked how
about an entirely new
species colossal
biosciences they pulled this
off um and uh I was just when I heard
about it was just amazed look at those
cute little guys they're all fluffy and
[ __ ] what they did is they took the
jeans of Willie Mammoth and they created
a chimic animal so this is a entirely
new species and it is uh basically
testing out the fluffy fur of the woly
mammoth and the fat of the woolly
mammoth and all kinds of other things so
it verifies that jeans do what we think
they do so time to time you get non-
crypto announcements and this is
certainly one of them uh and show you a
little video of them running around so
these are the Willie mice you can see
how cute those little guys are Mi and
mammoths how about
that so uh colossals company I'm
invested in and uh I work with the
founding team there on a another venture
that's uh connected to plants so we
always talk from time to time about
these things and uh they've been working
real hard on the extincting animals and
they have a lot of really cool and
interesting things that they've uh been
able to pull off and usually you only
get to see the tip of the iceberg and
every now and then what they do is they
reveal
a major Innovation so creation of
entirely New Life how about that so I uh
I wanted to share that with all you guys
and congratulate the Colossal team
they're pretty amazing they're some of
the smartest people I've ever met and
they have one of the best entrepreneurs
leading them Ben lamb is a genius uh and
he's going to bring back the willly
mammoth he's gonna be the guy that if
you want a de extincted animal he's your
guy and colossal is really carrying out
its mission they've uh they've moved
mountains in just the last few years and
the fact that we now have a woolly Mouse
it's pretty cool think about that
remember a little while ago you know I
say it would be pretty cool to have an
animal for meme that's like doesn't even
exist how about that yeah you
degens I thought I thought everybody get
kick out of this um I certainly do there
is more to come as I said it's the
iceberg just a little taste of the
things to come and that's the animal
side just you wait till the plant side
comes um it's uh it's fun to do many
things and there's inevitably going to
be an intersection between the synthetic
biology world and the crypto world and
it's going to be a very very powerful
intersection probably one of the most
economically interesting in my career so
I'm really excited to work on that real
excited to be part of that and a lot to
come in the future but for today you all
get to celebrate the woly mouse and
congratulate the Colossal team for all
the incredible work they've done
brilliant scientists that are there uh
they're changing the world and every now
and then you got to create a new species
to do that even if they're super cute
cheers